notes


The mongodb for windows is called `mongosh`

To define a query, you use the type Query {} data type, which is built into GraphQL. From there,
 you can define your different types of queries by naming them


Queries vs Mutations.
    Queries get data and Mutations send data to be written?

You must use double-quotes for strings in GraphQL. You'll get a syntax error if you use single-quotes.


Resolver params
    parent: This is if we used nested resolvers to handle more complicated actions, as it would hold the reference to the resolver that executed the nested resolver function. We won't need this throughout the project, but we need to include it as the first argument.
    args: This is an object of all of the values passed into a query or mutation request as parameters. In our case, we destructure the username parameter out to be used.
    context: This will come into play later. If we were to need the same data to be accessible by all resolvers, such as a logged-in user's status or API access token, this data will come through this context parameter as an object.
    info: This will contain extra information about an operation's current state. This isn't used as frequently, but it can be implemented for more advanced uses.


Database models help us, as developers, make our application more predictable and safe between our
server and database server, but it doesn't affect how clients make that request in the first place
unless very descriptive API documentation is provided. The addition of these GraphQL type definitions, however,
add that client-facing layer which provides users with a level of predictability and expectations.


Remember, without the { new: true } flag in User.findByIdAndUpdate(),
Mongo would return the original document instead of the updated document.

Look at this cool code.
    `export declare const createHttpLink: (linkOptions?: HttpOptions) => ApolloLink;`


Set up the URL for proxy server only. This doesn't set the URI portion.
    "proxy": "http://localhost:3001",


You usually only have to manually update the cache when adding or deleting items from an array. 